Prepare for `cellfinder` merge (#54)
brainglobe/brainglobe-workflows: README.md

See the sections below for more information about the workflows and command-line tools provided.

#### `brainmapper` Command Line Interface (CLI)

Whole-brain cell detection, registration and analysis.

If you want to just use the cell detection part of `brainmapper`, please see the standalone [cellfinder](https://github.com/brainglobe/cellfinder) package and its [`napari`](https://napari.org/) plugin.

`brainmapper` is a workflow designed for the analysis of whole-brain imaging data such as [serial-section imaging](https://sainsburywellcomecentre.github.io/OpenSerialSection/) and lightsheet imaging in cleared tissue.
The aim is to provide a single solution for:

- Cell detection (initial cell candidate detection and refinement using  deep learning) (using the [cellfinder](https://github.com/brainglobe/cellfinder) backend package),
- Atlas registration (using [brainreg](https://github.com/brainglobe/brainreg)),
- Analysis of cell positions in a common space.

Basic usage:

```bash
brainmapper -s signal_images -b background_images -o output_dir --metadata metadata
```

> Full documentation can be found [here](https://brainglobe.info/documentation/cellfinder/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full documentation can be found [here](https://brainglobe.info/documentation/brainglobe-workflows/brainmapper/index.html).
```
